I thought that if I could get you here
I could seduce you uh uh uh I don't wear
suits to work and I bought six of them
from you well I'm sorry I thought you
needed them my point is I kept coming
back because I wanted to see you why
because I like you you like me yeah when
you're you're beautiful and smart and
sophisticated a lot of this isn't based
on tonight but but you like me oh my god
I can't believe it all this time I like
you and you like me but remember no
matter buts never good just looks leave
with it I like you and you like me okay
uh however Louis you know that's a fancy
bus
my marriage like just ended and I'm
really not ready to get into anything
yet but I'm sorry I I just need a little
time oh there you are looking for you
before Joshua's gone so you and Emily
are free to go
it's okay she's still in there enjoying
her fake party and it's too late to do
any of the stuff I had planned so for us
I'm sorry I completely ruined your
evening hmm
yeah well if it makes you feel any
better I made a Oh myself helps a little
it's a room on that step for a pathetic
loser yeah have a seat
I'm so sorry it's okay I mean it was
just a two-week thing anyway I just
didn't want it to end this way you know
maybe you didn't want it to end I mean
you seem to really like her yeah I
really do yeah but what am I gonna do I
mean we we both agreed it was gonna be a
two-week thing you know no commitment
Ross that girl just spent the entire
evening talking to your friends asking
you your stories about you look at your
Monica's photo albums I mean you don't
do that if you're just doing it for two
weeks
you think yeah you've got like 14 hours
until she has to be at the airport and
you're sitting here in a hallway with a
28 year old cheerleader with a fat lip
yeah you're right yeah thanks
[Music]
what photo album was it I don't know you
and a bunch of I know kids oh my god
those weren't albino kids that was
computer camp rich
Hey hey you're a pathetic loser right oh
yeah hi Josh all those things I said
about not being ready they're not true
no they're all true but oh oh I love
that pot
um do you want to go inside get some
coffee okay every time